README.md, before:

### perlbot

This is an IRC bot which will respond to the IRC channel when somebody pastes a link with the page title of that page

	Usage: perlbot.pl "username" "real name" "server address" "server port" "server channel"

### Commands

#### Tell
Usage: `!tell nickname Message to tell them`

This will tell that person the message the next time they speak in the channel or private message the bot.

#### Tell in
Usage: `!tell in 1m/h/d Message to tell them`

This will tell that person the message after that many minutes/hours/days that you specify.  It is triggered when they speak in the channel or private message the bot.

#### Seen
Usage: `!seen nickname`
Will tell you the last time that nickname has spoken, joined or parted/quit the channel.

#### Transliterate
Usage: `!transliterate ありがとうございました`

Works for almost all languages or non language characters.  Converts into romanized ASCII text.

Output: `arigatougozaimasita`

#### Fortune
Usage: `!fortune`
Gets a short fortune using the Linux/Unix `fortune` program.

#### Get Unicode Codepoints
Usage: `!u 🐧ABCD`

Output: `1F427 41 42 43 44`

Will get the Unicode codepoints in hex for a given string.

#### Convert from Unicode Codepoints to Characters
Usage: `!unicode 1F427 41 42 43 44`

Output: `🐧ABCD`

Is the reverse of the `!u` command.

#### Unicode Lookup
Usage: `!ul 🐧`

Output: `https://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/1f427/index.htm`

 `[ Unicode Character 'PENGUIN' (U+1F427) ] `

Will lookup a a unicode character at the fileformat.info website.
To get a response not for a character but for the codepoint you want, use:

`!unicodelookup 1F427`

#### Urban Dictionary
Usage: `!ud thing to look up`

Ouput: The top definition and example from urbandictionary.com

#### Questions
You can have the bot answer yes or no questions.  Just address the bot by name like so:

`mybot is the sky blue?`

Response will be either `Is the sky blue? No.` or `Is the sky blue? Yes.`

You can also ask it a this or that question, with a maximum number of arguments being three.
`mybot is it going to be a good day today or a bad day today?`

`It is going to be a good day today` or `A bad day today`

	fullwidth
	fw
	fromhex
	tohex
	uc
	ucirc
	lc
	lcirc
	perl
	p
	help
	action

Commit message:

Update readme and perlbot.pl mentioning perlbot.pl functions, but with an older version of said.pl. Update readme to indicate current status

README.md, after:

### perlbot

This is an IRC bot in Perl 5 and 6. It was originally only in Perl 5 but the core has now been rewriten
in Perl 6, and the rest is being ported over now.

	Usage: perlbot.p6 "username" "real name" "server address" "server port" "server channel"

### Commands
This list is not complete, and needs to be updated for lots of changes that have been made.
All of these commands still work that are listed below though
#### Tell
Usage: `!tell nickname Message to tell them`

This will tell that person the message the next time they speak in the channel or private message the bot.

#### Tell in
Usage: `!tell in 1m/h/d Message to tell them`

This will tell that person the message after that many minutes/hours/days that you specify.  It is triggered when they speak in the channel or private message the bot.

#### Seen
Usage: `!seen nickname`
Will tell you the last time that nickname has spoken, joined or parted/quit the channel.

#### Transliterate
Usage: `!transliterate ありがとうございました`

Works for almost all languages or non language characters.  Converts into romanized ASCII text.

Output: `arigatougozaimasita`

#### Fortune
Usage: `!fortune`
Gets a short fortune using the Linux/Unix `fortune` program.

#### Get Unicode Codepoints
Usage: `!u 🐧ABCD`

Output: `1F427 41 42 43 44`

Will get the Unicode codepoints in hex for a given string.

#### Convert from Unicode Codepoints to Characters
Usage: `!unicode 1F427 41 42 43 44`

Output: `🐧ABCD`

Is the reverse of the `!u` command.

#### Unicode Lookup
Usage: `!ul 🐧`

Output: `https://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/1f427/index.htm`

 `[ Unicode Character 'PENGUIN' (U+1F427) ] `

Will lookup a a unicode character at the fileformat.info website.
To get a response not for a character but for the codepoint you want, use:

`!unicodelookup 1F427`

#### Urban Dictionary
Usage: `!ud thing to look up`

Ouput: The top definition and example from urbandictionary.com

#### Questions
You can have the bot answer yes or no questions.  Just address the bot by name like so:

`mybot is the sky blue?`

Response will be either `Is the sky blue? No.` or `Is the sky blue? Yes.`

You can also ask it a this or that question, with a maximum number of arguments being three.
`mybot is it going to be a good day today or a bad day today?`

`It is going to be a good day today` or `A bad day today`

	fullwidth
	fw
	fromhex
	tohex
	uc
	ucirc
	lc
	lcirc
	perl
	p
	help
	action
